

--- PAGE 1 ---
A SUNIL KANT MUNJAL
ENTERPRISE


--- PAGE 2 ---
“In whatever we do, we try to keep our 
promises, and with whoever we partner, we 
focus on the long term. Irrespective of what we 
do, we follow these two rules. This is what has 
helped us to grow.”
Dr. Brijmohan Lall Munjal
Hero Forever


--- PAGE 3 ---
As a principle, we have three criteria in mind before engaging in a new 
business. First, the venture needs to be something one of us is passionate 
about. Second, it needs to be in an area where we can create a positive 
social impact. Finally, it must be a venture that can get to a leadership 
position. 
Housing in India is both, a serious social challenge, and a great economic 
opportunity. It is a social challenge because the country's population has 
grown exponentially, yet many citizens do not have the privilege of calling 
a home their own. It is a great economic opportunity because when 
housing projects roll out, it has great multipliers in terms of economic 
activity since an estimated 150 plus industries are linked to this sector and 
it also creates a large number of jobs at every level of skills. 
This phenomenal socio-economic impact has strengthened our conviction 
to commit ourselves to the business of building homes and community 
development. The Hero Homes venture is an outcome of this commitment.
Sunil Kant Munjal
Chairman


--- PAGE 4 ---
We live in an era of sudden change where technologies and business models 
are shifting rapidly. In this world, partner relationships and customer 
expectations are continuously evolving and pivoting. To keep pace, there is a 
need for continuous learning and adapting. 
We believe that an organization that is in the business of building homes 
should be able to constantly push the boundaries of creativity and efficiency. 
It should never exhaust its capacity to keep promises and delight customers.  
We understand that it is as important to do the little things with purpose, as 
it is to do the big things with verve and imagination. We plan meticulously, 
execute determinedly, and keep sustainability at the heart of whatever we 
do. 
We would like to be known as a company that doesn’t just build homes, but 
also one that creates a warm and personal space for members of like-minded 
communities..
Shefali Munjal
Founder Family


--- PAGE 5 ---
HERO CYCLES
HERO MOTOCORP
First cycle manufacturing 
plant set up in Ludhiana in 
1956.
The legacy of Hero Enterprise comes from: 
Hero Cycles became the 
World’s largest manufacturer 
of bicycles in 1986.
HERO ENTERPRISE
In 1984, Hero Honda Motors Ltd. 
was formed as a JV with Honda 
Motors of Japan. This became 
Hero MotoCorp in 2011.
Hero MotoCorp became the 
World’s largest two-wheeler 
manufacturer in 2001.
Hero Enterprise was founded 
under the leadership of
Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal.
While the Hero Group is our 
legacy, it was restructured in 
2010 and 2016. We are now 
Hero Enterprise.


--- PAGE 6 ---
Hero Steels Limited embodies 
excellence as a Hero Enterprise 
company serving the needs of a 
wide variety of customers 
including from the automative, 
tractor and bicycle industry.
Hero Insurance Broking is a 
composite broker and is setting 
benchmarks in insurance broking 
with trust and innovation. It is one 
of the largest physical network of 
distribution of insurance products 
in the country now being hosted 
by technology. 
The Investment Office is a 
comprehensive investor that focuses 
on investments in India and globally. 
It focuses on entrepreneurial, 
innovative and sustainable ventures 
across different industry verticals 
including real estate in the UK.
Hero Realty delivers luxury
living focusing on contemporary, 
sustainable homes while 
fostering a healthy local 
community. It’s proposition is 
safe and great value for money.
Serendipity Arts Foundation is an arts 
and cultural development initiative 
that fosters creativity and 
collaboration across various art forms 
and organizes South Asia’s largest 
multi-disciplinary event, the annual 
Serendipity Arts Festival in Goa.
Hero Enterprise is the brainchild of Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal, the youngest son of Dr. Brijmohan Lall Munjal, founder of the Hero Group. Hero Enterprise 
has drawn upon the entrepreneurial strengths developed by its founders to strengthen its Insurance Broking, Real Estate and Steel businesses along 
with an active Investment Office. With a strong legacy in building world class companies and brands over seven decades, Hero Enterprise’s investment 
decisions are long term, and keep key outcomes in mind including business and social impact
Investment Office


--- PAGE 7 ---
Holland Park Gate
Hero Enterprise Investment Office
• Residential – 106 Apartments
• Non-Residential – 11,000 sqft of retail, cinema and office space
Holland Park Gate brings timeless sophistication to the heart of London’s prestigious 
Kensington High Street. Overlooking the serene beauty of Holland Park and the design 
museum these luxurious apartments feature spacious, thoughtfully designed interiors 
finished to impeccable standards.
Hero Inc. UK in collaboration with Lodha UK
* Showcasing a few examples of Real Estate Investments of Hero Inc in UK


--- PAGE 8 ---
• Residential – 276 Apartments
• Non-Residential - 58,000 sq ft NIA
Fulham Riverside
Hero Enterprise Investment Office
A 2-acre riverside site on the north bank of the Thames near Wandsworth Bridge, this 
milestone project, valued at £300 million, will be transformed into a mixed-use development 
combining residential and logistics spaces. The venture exemplifies the strategy of revitalizing 
prime, underutilized London locations through strategic partnerships.
Hero Inc. UK in collaboration with Henley Investment Management Ltd.
* Showcasing a few examples of Real Estate Investments of Hero Inc in UK


--- PAGE 9 ---
Hero Realty Private Limited (HRPL), the real estate arm of Hero 
Enterprise, is dedicated to redefining luxury living through honest 
pricing. Founded in 2006 as Arrow Infrastructure, the business 
focuses on creating vibrant, eco-friendly spaces across the National 
Capital Region (NCR), Punjab, Uttarakhand, and Himachal Pradesh. 
Guided by the principles of creativity, fitness, sustainability, and 
community, HRPL integrates lush green zones, eco-friendly designs, 
and modern amenities into its projects. The flagship brand, Hero 
Homes, exemplifies this commitment by offering homes that reflect 
care, craftsmanship, and a deep connection to nature.
5700+
Happy 
Customers
6.02
Million Sqft
Delivered
5.2
Million Sqft Under 
Development
230
Acres Of Industrial 
Parks
*Artistic Impression


--- PAGE 10 ---
Vision
Our principal objective is to build homes that nurture sustainable communities, 
meeting the requirements of India's expanding middle class, while simultaneously 
improving our environment.
Mission
• To deliver long-lasting best in category ‘FIRST’ homes for resurgent India.
• To offer a unique end-to-end consumer experience built on trust, equality, 
and convenience.
• To provide a comprehensive eco-system that promotes healthy living, best 
quality learning & development, and interactive social communities across our 
projects.


--- PAGE 11 ---
Directors
Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal Mr. Jogendra Singh Mr. Amit Kumar Aggarwal
Group CFO & President DirectorChairman
A second-generation leader of the family that 
founded the Hero Group, India’s premier automotive 
manufacturing powerhouse. As Chairman of Hero 
Enterprise, he oversees diverse interests, including 
insurance distribution, steel-making, real estate, and 
strategic investments. Through the Investment 
Office, he supports start-ups and established 
businesses across sectors such as digital learning, 
healthcare, transportation, and women 
empowerment, managing a portfolio spanning 
structured debt, public markets, and private equity in 
India and globally.
A distinguished finance expert and business leader 
with over 30 years of trailblazing experience in 
finance and project management. He played a 
pivotal role in establishing Daimler in India and 
revolutionizing technology in the commercial vehicles 
market. An industry veteran, Jogendra has held key 
leadership roles across Hero ventures, including 
serving as CFO for Hero Cycles Limited (CRD).
A seasoned finance professional with over 27 years 
of diverse experience across mergers and 
acquisitions, family and investment offices, 
accounting, treasury, and finance. Since joining Hero 
Enterprise in 2003, he has been closely associated 
with the Promoters at the Investment Office, driving 
strategic financial initiatives. Before his tenure at 
Hero Enterprise, Amit held key roles at the Daewoo 
Group of South Korea and IFCI Limited, a leading 
development finance institution in India.


--- PAGE 12 ---
Leadership Team
Hero Realty's leadership team comprises seasoned professionals with extensive experience across various industries, collectively bringing over 150 years 
of expertise to the company. Under the guidance of CEO Mr. Rohit Kishore, who has over 21 years of transformative leadership experience, the team is 
dedicated to driving sustainable and aspirational community-centric developments.
Mr. Rohit Kishore
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Karan Kumar
Chief Marketing Officer
Mr. Ritesh Gupta
Head - Finance
Mr. Anuj Narang
Chief Sales Officer


--- PAGE 13 ---
Ludhiana MohaliGurugramHaridwar
Group Housing Plotted Land Development


--- PAGE 14 ---
Squash
Court
Cricket
Pitch
Table
Tennis
Yoga
Centre
Gym Spa &
Jacuzzi
Tennis &
Basketball
Court
Skating
Ring
Swimming
Pool
Mohali
Hero Homes Mohali Ph I
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression


--- PAGE 15 ---
Squash
Court
Cricket
Pitch
Table
Tennis
Yoga
Centre
Gym Spa &
Jacuzzi
Tennis &
Basketball
Court
Skating
Ring
Swimming
Pool
Ludhiana
Hero Homes Ludhiana Ph I


--- PAGE 16 ---
Haridwar
Alaknanda Plots -  88 acres of Plotted development Gharaunda - Strategically close to industrial hub
Haridwar Greens - 50 acres integrated township Holiday Homes - 50 acres township


--- PAGE 17 ---
Ongoing Projects
Hero Homes, 104 Gurugram
*Artistic Impression *Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression


--- PAGE 18 ---
Ongoing Projects
Hero Homes, 104 Gurugram (T8)
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression


--- PAGE 19 ---
Ongoing Projects
Hero Homes Mohali Ph II
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression


--- PAGE 20 ---
Ongoing Projects
Plotted Development With Quality Infrastructure
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
Hero Earth Swarnpath, Sonipat


--- PAGE 21 ---
Ongoing Projects
Hero Earth The Ark, Gurugram
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
Plotted Development With Quality Infrastructure


--- PAGE 22 ---
New Projects
The Palatial By Hero Homes, Gurugram
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression


--- PAGE 23 ---
New Projects
Hero Homes Mohali Phase III
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression
*Artistic Impression


--- PAGE 24 ---
Media and Recognitions


--- PAGE 25 ---
Emerging Real Estate Brand Of
The Year
Best Residential Project Of
The Year
Innovative Marketing Concept Of
The Year
Best Township Project Of
The Year
Awards & Accolades
2023
Asia One EPC World Awards Realty+ Conclave & Awards NDTV Property Awards
Award For Excellence In Branding & 
Marketing
CMO Asia
Prestigious Brand Award
BARC Asia
Safety & Sustainability Award
CMO Asia
Excellence In Health & Wellness
Initiatives
L&D Summit & Awards
2023 2023 2023
2022 2022 2022 2022


--- PAGE 26 ---
Thank You